[filebeat] Update documentation / changelog / beta warnings for the syslog input (#25047)
elastic/beats: filebeat/docs/inputs/input-syslog.asciidoc

----
{beatname_lc}.inputs:
- type: syslog
  format: auto
  protocol.unix:
    path: "/path/to/syslog.sock"
----

==== Configuration options

The `syslog` input configuration includes format, protocol specific options, and the
<<{beatname_lc}-input-{type}-common-options>> described later.

===== `format`

> Which syslog variant to use: `rfc3164`, `rfc5424`, or `auto` to attempt to detect the variant automatically from the log entries. The default is `rfc3164`. `rfc5424` and `auto` options are currently in beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syslog variant to use when attempting to detect the variant automatically from the log entries. Valid values are `rfc3164`, `rfc5424`, or `auto`. The default is `rfc3164`. The `rfc5424` and `auto` options are currently in beta.
```

Reviewer: Suggest moving the list of valid values later in case we add support for more variants. 3 is OK, 4 would be too much.

Author: The suggested edit doesn't quite work since auto-detection is only used for the `auto` setting -- I tried to clarify, let me know if this version works.
